README.md, before:

# Mentorship System (iOS)

[Mentorship System](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-backend) is an application that allows women in tech to mentor each other, on career development topics, through 1:1 relations for a certain period.

This is the iOS client for the Mentorship System.

## Setting up the project

1. Make sure you have Xcode IDE downloaded on your machine for development.<br />
2. Fork the project. Go to [mentorship-ios](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios) and click on Fork in the top right corner to fork the repository to your Github account.<br />
3. Clone the project. Open the forked mentorship-ios repository from your GitHub account and click on the "Clone or Download" button. You should be able to see the option "Open in Xcode"; this is the recommended option and should be used to get a local copy of the project on your machine.<br />
4. You're all set now! Locate the local copy of the project on your machine and open the *.xcodeproject* file.<br />

## Contributing 

For contributing, you first need to configure the remotes and then submit pull requests with your changes. Both of these steps are explained in detail in the links below and we recommend all contributors to go through them-<br />

1. [Configuring Remotes](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/Docs/Configuring%20Remotes.md)<br />
2. [Contributing and developing a feature](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/Docs/Contributing%20and%20Developing.md)<br />

Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/.github/contributing_guidelines.md), [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/.github/code_of_conduct.md), and [Reporting Guidelines](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/.github/reporting_guidelines.md).


## Contact

You can reach our community at [AnitaB.org Open Source Zulip](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/).

We use [#mentorship-system](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/222534-mentorship-system) stream on Zulip to discuss this project and interact with the community. If you're interested in contributing to this project, join us there!

## License

Mentorship System is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. Learn more about it in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

feat: Complete Tests (Unit + Integration) for current implementation (#105)

README.md, after:

# Mentorship System (iOS)

[Mentorship System](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-backend) is an application that allows women in tech to mentor each other, on career development topics, through 1:1 relations for a certain period.

This is the iOS client for the Mentorship System.

## Setting up the project

1. Make sure you have Xcode IDE downloaded on your machine for development.<br />
2. Fork the project. Go to [mentorship-ios](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios) and click on Fork in the top right corner to fork the repository to your Github account.<br />
3. Clone the project. Open the forked mentorship-ios repository from your GitHub account and click on the "Clone or Download" button. You should be able to see the option "Open in Xcode"; this is the recommended option and should be used to get a local copy of the project on your machine.<br />
4. You're all set now! Locate the local copy of the project on your machine and open the *.xcodeproject* file.<br />

## Contributing 

For contributing, you first need to configure the remotes and then submit pull requests with your changes. Both of these steps are explained in detail in the links below and we recommend all contributors to go through them-<br />

1. [Configuring Remotes](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/Docs/Configuring%20Remotes.md)<br />
2. [Contributing and developing a feature](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/Docs/Contributing%20and%20Developing.md)<br />

Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/.github/contributing_guidelines.md), [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/.github/code_of_conduct.md), and [Reporting Guidelines](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-ios/blob/develop/.github/reporting_guidelines.md).

## A note on the unit test suite of the app
The app features a comprehensive set of unit tests to verify that everything works as expected. A lot of these unit tests are for the networking code in the app and hence run the code for fetching of user auth token from the keychain. For this reason, before running the test suite, it is essential to login in the app.


## Contact

You can reach our community at [AnitaB.org Open Source Zulip](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/).

We use [#mentorship-system](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/222534-mentorship-system) stream on Zulip to discuss this project and interact with the community. If you're interested in contributing to this project, join us there!

## License

Mentorship System is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. Learn more about it in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
